=pod

=head1 NAME

Bash::Completion::Plugin::Test - Module for testing Bash::Completion plugins

=head1 VERSION

version 0.01

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  my $tester = Bash::Completion::Plugin::Test->new(
    plugin => $PLUGIN_NAME,
  );

  $test->check_completions('my-command ^', \@expected_completeions,
    $opt_name);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Bash::Completion::Plugin::Test> is a module for testing
L<Bash::Completion> plugins.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 Bash::Completion::Plugin::Test->new(%params)

Creates a new tester object.  C<%params> is a hash of named parameters;
currently, the only supported one is C<plugin>, which is the name of the
plugin to test, and is required.

=head2 $tester->check_completions($command, \@expected, $name)

Runs the current completion plugin against C<$command>, and verifies
that the results it returns are the same as those in C<@expected>.
The order of the items in C<@expected> does not matter.  C<$name> is
an optional name for the test.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Bash::Completion>

=head1 AUTHOR

Rob Hoelz <rob@hoelz.ro>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2012 by Rob Hoelz.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests on the bugtracker website
https://github.com/hoelzro/bash-completion-plugin-test/issues

When submitting a bug or request, please include a test-file or a
patch to an existing test-file that illustrates the bug or desired
feature.

